If you are the King of Killers, why are you attacking the work bed?
Because your mother likes to live a peaceful life, let me get out of the world.
I didn’t want to abandon my brother, so I didn’t agree.
Your mother made up her mind to run away, and Zhan never came back.
I felt sorry for him, so I let the guide listen to him.
Often during the day.
My mother, I have no impression at all.
Of course you have no impression. Did your mother go away to study?
Are you still eating this stuff?
Damn, he is really good.
I was still trying to force him to do this, so he decided to run away.
You can't blame him, he is the eldest lady of the Feng family.
I'm just a visitor from Jianghu
He even bought me seven Reagans
But I couldn't bring him one
I'm sorry about Anwen's port.
He is the child who surpasses his relatives and friends
It's just not right
Leave your mother alone
We are still little
How to face it next
It's not a misunderstanding. It's a report.
Can you still face it like this?
If they dare to come
Just fight them off
That's that simple
Nowadays, the association
There are hundreds of people
Boss Fei Tianhu
The madman I just saw from the prison is Difficulty and the Gang
Not the first ten characters yet
So what else can we do?
I'd better go and beg my dad
In the difficult underground world, there is no problem that Gantry cannot solve.
But once you destroy it
Are you afraid that you won't let us get up again?
What should I do?
No matter what today
You have to kill this old guy King Killer for me, right?